A tale: The one that was overshadowed by the Plague 


Medieval Europe Serial Killing of rampant killers, plagues, and monarchical atrocities
Genre: horror, religion, thriller


An old bard was narrating this, alluring anyone who would hear to come and listen to his tunes and tales. The creepy and dark atmosphere of telling a 'no man's tale' or a hush-hush story. And lens it to see that there were no survivors.... except the narrator himself.


The bard, who was still a young man during his narrative, was travelling alongside the knights to boost morale, and was filled with melancholia despite playing happy tunes. He performed on a wobbly wagon, trying to cheer up the knights. It worked a little. The knights embarked on several expeditions, with no certainty if they would be able to return home to their families, to their spouses, to their friends. The bard plays a melody, a light escape from the grim that is their journey.


He sang songs about a gloom looming over towns beyond their own. A plague that ravaged lands, made the streets darker than nights, a plague so deadly it took loved ones away, even the innocent, and the undeserving of such a fate. The plague had no favorites. It reaped what it didn't sow. In the time where Monarchies reign supreme, where knighthood symbolized valor and respect, lies a wolf in a sheep's clothing of this militaristic facade. 


“A man with hollow eyes, no light, no hope, no reason to be in a war. Yet he stood in formation, holding his spear lightly; if the wind blew hard enough, I reckon his spear would fall from his hand.”


A serial killer who was amongst the knights rampaged through a town in medieval Europe. His execution of such acts was unpredictable, no sense of pattern or distinction that the same person did it. Sometimes the bodies were left where he killed them, sometimes it was buried in a shallow grave, obviously wanting for it to be found, or sometimes he mutilated the bodies to keep certain body parts. The killer went on to kill more. He was on his peak, killing left and right, no suspicions and especially since the plague went rampant. But then, the church grew anxious of this mysterious killer, often resorting to ceremonies to make this 'bad spirit' go away. Even the branches of the church, radical and otherwise rejected by the main church, were asked to help to no avail. 


The church and alchemy combined forces; they were desperate at this point because the latest victims were from the royal family, the heir. The monarchy was threatened, there were only 3 eligible heirs, and the first in line was killed. They feared the killer would go after the heirs next, so they sought help from all the manpower Europe had. The overwhelming number of plague victims eventually made the people forget about the serial killer, and even those who still knew were killed by the plague themselves.