Chapter 6 : Graveyard Shift


Mori awoke in the dim lighting of the hospital room, he's alone and a basket of snacks are on his nightstand. Mori looked around, no one was in the room beside him, no nurses nor doctors. He couldn't seem to remember what happened before he fell asleep in this deep sleep. In a while, for once, no otherworldly monstrosity seemed to have ravaged his dreams. He delightfully sighed Mori was feeling hungry so he got up and opened a granola bar from the basket, the crunching sound while he ate sounded much louder. A knock on the door and a voice was heard.
        "Clarence? Are you up?" A voice called
"Yes, please come in" A doctor with a moustache and piercing eyes greeted Mori.
"I'm Dr. Fabian Gustavia, Videria informed me you'd want to have a psych test before being discharged right?"
"That's right"
"I talked to your doctor and after evaluation, it seems like you're going to be okay, nothing too serious."
For a while Mori felt relieved, he wasn't pestered with nightmares and his body is on a steady way to healing.
 "By the way, I got to ask," Fabian started. He stared at Mori with his hazel roasted eyes, he seemed concerned about a specific thing. Mori felt an ache on his head. Mori somehow peered right into the doctor's memories through his eyes, he saw bits of what happened 
"What is it?" Mori replied as he spews bits of the granola bar onto his bed
"You saw it, didn't you?” seriousness in his tone “Are you perhaps in that elevator because you were hiding from them?" Fabian tilted his head, Mori looked up to him to maintain eye contact
Mori puts his granola bar down and sits up. His eyes widened by the doctor’s inquiry, it turns out it's not only Videria who could see such madness. Mori took a deep breath and rubbed his eyes.
Mori started to relay what happened but was immediately asked 
"I'm sorry, who is Theodore?" Fabian rubbed the end of his moustache
"Theodore…Lancaster. The one staying in room 13, here in the psych ward." 
"I'm sorry, Clarence, but there's no Theodore Lancaster admitted here at the psych ward. Besides the room we're currently in is room 13" 
"But he was with me in the elevator when the firemen rescued us. That fireman….I think his name is Valdiez" 
"You were the only one rescued, Clarence. Videria tended to you the moment you got carried away from that elevator shaft. There's no other person, much less a child who got brought out of there" 
"But doctor, I've been carrying Theodore from that encounter I told you about, I knew I never left his side until we got rescued in that elevator" 
"But Clarence…"
"I…I know that much, Doctor. Call the fire department that responded, Valdiez, that fireman knew there were two of us back there"
Fabian sighed, defeated. 
"Alright, Clarence. I'll make a call. For now rest. We'll do your psych test after I make that call" 
"Okay…" 
Fabian got up and dusted the crumbs earlier off of Mori's bed then proceeded to exit the room. Mori ate another bar then chugged two glasses of water. He immediately went outside and looked for the room details.




Psych Ward, 4th Floor
Room 13


Patient : Clarence Reginald Moriarty 


He walked the hallway, looking for Theodore's room, but as he went he felt the hallways being narrower as the room numbers went down. To his disappointment when he reached the last room, there's no sign of Theodore everywhere. Mori went back to where he came, a room was named his but the number is now 11. He peeked at the rooms next to him, it's still the same patients inside when he first left. Mori then went inside, trying to recuperate. He felt a little dizzy from walking in that hallway, claustrophobic even. Despite that hallway being wide and no obstacles nor carts in the way, it felt pinched. 
"I wonder what happened?? After the shaft, I seemed to have passed out completely. But… Theodore was with me…… huh??...it felt like there's someone else, another person in the elevator car with us…gah, I can't remember…" 
Mori shook his head and slumped over the bed. He was blinking at the same tick of a clock, but there's no clock anywhere in the room though, nothing's in the hallway either. A knock was heard.
        “Clarence?” Fabian called “We need to talk”
        


Tick


Mori's got up when a sound, presumably from an intercom of Doctor Fabian rang 
"Clarence Moriarty, please come by my office if you're feeling well. Thank you."
He was spaced out in his room, he was sitting by his bed, out of the blue. It seems like he’s in the middle of something but he doesn't know what it is. He then rubs his eyes, his vision is cloudy. He then got up and went to  the doctor's office and knocked at the door a few times. Upon opening the door, a cosy looking room greeted him, the scent of coffee being brewed from a coffee machine calmed him down. Mori took a deep breath, the scent of coffee was truly enticing. Fabian who’s pouring himself a cup noticed Mori
"Want some?"
"Sure, thank you" 
Fabian grabbed a mug from his table and poured the coffee inside. 
"Sugar?"
"Two, please" 
Fabian stirred both their mugs and  set them on the table. 
"Have you rested? We'll begin our psych test. I reckon you'd have places to be and need to be discharged as soon as possible?"
"I…uh, that's right"
"Relax, Videria told me." Fabian took a pen from his coat pocket and clicked it. A clipboard with a few papers on it was held by his other hand. "Well then." His striking eyes focused on Mori
"Can you tell me what happened to you before you awoke?" 
"I…was.." Mori was bothered by the same ticking noise, it turns out it's from a grandfather clock in Fabian's office. It disturbed Mori that he didn't hear nor see it immediately considering how big it was, its vintage charm was certainly eye-catching yet he didn't notice it when he opened the door. It seems like it just appeared out of nowhere.
"Was?" Fabian followed up
"It was a little uproarious, I guess. Considering I got stuck in an elevator." 
"Prior to that, do you remember anything else? How did you get stuck?"
"I thought I already told you that?" 
"Whatever do you mean, Clarence? When?"
"When you checked on me in my room earlier? I was eating a granola bar, made a mess on my bed and you dusted the bits off?" 
"Clarence, I believe this is our first meeting, whatever are you talking about?" 
"What?" 
When the grandfather clock's hand moved, it made a loud creaking sound, the hand moved a minute from 3:06. Mori grunted at the echoing creaking followed by a slow and thundering tone of the clock.


Tick


–


"Clarence, please sit down. We're about to start the psych test." 
Mori was bewildered, he looked at Doctor Fabian, he was as real as he could feel him. He looked back to the grandfather clock, its hands back to 3:03. 
"Shit" he muttered under his breath. Mori sat down. The drink still had that swirl as Dr. Fabian just stirred it.  "Just as whenIthought thing will be fine"  He whispered
        
        “What’s the matter Clarence?”
        “Nothing, it’s just,Ifelt like…you know what, nevermind its nothing”
"Well then, Clarence let us begin. Can you tell me what happened to you before you awoke?"


Mori felt dejavu


"I was stuck in an elevator shaft, I was rescued by firemen" 
"Do you feel any fatigue both physical or mental?
"No, not quite. I feel much better now, Vi did tend to me immediately"
"That's….right. Videria was your first responder when they put you in a stretcher……are you perhaps still awake then" Fabian squinted, his focus got even more intense 
"Ye….n…yes" Mori hesitated. Although he still felt shaken, it clicked to him. That he probably answered wrong earlier, making that clock tick, sending him back to square one. "What the hell is happening?" 
"Tell me, Mori, do you remember when you were first admitted here?" 
"Two weeks ago?" 
"Any idea why you were admitted?"
"I…uh, all I remember is the ambulance and the lights and the chaos…"
Fabian wrote something on the papers
"What do you feel about your environment? Do you feel safe? Sick? Scared for your life?"
"I'm sorry?"
"Mori!!" A different voice coming out of Fabian said "Hurry up!....Theo….needs you…" it sounded like Malevolent. Mori shook his head, Fabian with his usual brown eyes greeted him, his cold but somewhat calm voice calls him
"Clarence, shall I repeat the question?"
"Y-yes, please"
"I ask you about what you feel about your environment. Do you feel safe? Sick? Or normal?" 
"Uh…normal" Mori was breathing quite visibly more than before, his eyes unrested and kept on looking around the room.
"Try to relax, Clarence. Here, drink your green tea while it's hot."
Mori took a sip and when he put the cup out of his face, a different person was in the chair across from him, it was the nurse before. Mori slammed the mug down and tried to run but a layer of vines tied him to his chair.
"You…can be my ticket out of here" the nurse tries to grab Mori but the hand that managed to reach him was from Doctor Fabian. 
"Clarence? Perhaps you weren't ready for the psych test. Come, let's get you back to your room" 
A ring from a telephone resonated. Mori thought the grandfather clock would 'reset' but it didn't. Fabian answered it. Upon getting the receiver, Fabian made a puzzled face, agitating Mori more.
"Clarence, it's for you"
Mori was almost scared to answer "H…hello?" 
A heavy breathing was hovering on the other end, followed by a sniffling and whimpering. 
"T…Theodore??" 
"Mori?? Mori!!! Please save me!!!"  Static followed ".....before…..'it's..too….late"  then the other end hung up
"Theodore!!! Theodore!!!!!" Mori screamed, he gripped the receiver too much it broke, this startled Fabian. Then a loud tick reverberated again. 
"No!" Mori focused on the clock "3:07" 




–




Mori awoke in a hospital room. The ceiling is dirty white, the lights are off. He stretched his arms and tried to fall asleep again, As he tried to, however, a heavy load slowly made its way to his bed. Mori opened his eyes, it's Malevolent. His snoot is on Mori's cheek, he nudged him a few times until finally biting the blanket, pulling it away from Mori. 
"What the hell?"
At first Mori couldn't comprehend why a grown wolf was here, but its shimmering red eyes made Mori remember who it was. 
"Malevolent!" Mori jumped "what are ... .why…" 
"Questions later, Clarence. Theodore Lancaster is in need of dire help" 
Mori immediately got out of bed, and ran to the door. Let Malevolent lead the way but he did not step out of the room, instead he growled, way more aggressive than Mori had ever seen before, even when he's still hunting him. 
"What is it?"
The nurse from before came into view, Malevolent made Mori to stay behind him, Mori understood.  "He can't let this nurse touch him" 
"Where's Theodore?" Mori asks
"Trapped." The nurse started walking "he's taking my place in this hellhole" 
"Where is he?"
Mori noticed that the nurse is currently wearing a straight jacket, still bound at the tightest possible way a person could handle. 
"I'll be making my way out through your mistakes, boy"
A visible key hangs from the nurse's neck. "Act rashly, Moriarty, this place is designed for you to" 
Suddenly, a low pitch screaming rang and to Mori it felt like his ear bones were crushed, his eardrums ripped. Blood gushes out of his ears as the pitch gets lower and lower, Mori bleeds as Malevolent whimpers from the noise.


—


Mori violently awoke, as if he'd been inside a horrific nightmare. He didn't immediately breathe, the sheer shock of what happened in that dream stayed with him even if the memories of it slowly fades away. He then faced sideways and tried to bury himself in the pillow, whatever his dream was, he knew it was severely unpleasant though he can't remember everything, he seemed to remember bits of it.


A person in a straight jacket being violent


"Ugh, what else?"


Mori felt a throbbing pain in his ears, when he lifted his head up, specks of blood were left on his pillowcase. He checked on his ears, it's still there somehow but he felt that it is a little bit wet, and it's indeed by blood. A ringing sound still trails in his ears, the sound felt like the ordinary static people hear from time to time, Mori saw a grandfather clock by his bedside, it's huge and Mori was sceptical if it's working or not because. He can't hear it tick. When he awoke he didn't hear it, he leaned in closer, a faint tick was now heard. 
The ringing sound that's still in Mori's ear resonated with the tickings, moments later, something different can be made out. 


Tick
BzzzzzZZzz
TickzzzzzZZzZzTock
TickzzzzzThzzink 
M…. Mori…..


A voice, a human voice, it's low frequency but there is something, for sure


A place where statics playzzz
Bzzzere sound is off
Yet the madness is on eeeeeeeeeee


BzzZzzzZzzzzzZZZ




The deafening static rose in frequency, exploding from the grandfather clock emerged the nurse fastened with a straight jacket, his eyes bloodshot. From the debris of the clock, the nurse searched it frantically, he hissed at Mori, he couldn't actually do anything to him considering his arms are bound. 


“That dream is real!”


Mori was mortified by this display, he then got to wonder what this nurse is looking for anyway, it is a grave importance to say the least and Mori's instinct told him that whatever it is, he cant let the nurse have it. Mori looked around and found a desolate metal piece that is too big to be a screw and it's not looking like a gear or something. The nurse contorted to see the angle Mori sees, then immediately ran towards it, Mori hustled. Mori got to it first, it was a key. The nurse, not having any hand to grab it, bites it off Mori's hand instead. The pieces of the clock collapsed, the gears spewed everywhere. The case enclosing the chime pin barrel knelled. Remnants of the centre disks displayed


3:07


Tick


—


Mori awoke to the sound of the intercom, blasting first thing when he awoke
"Clarence Moriarty, please come by my office for your psychological test."


Mori jumped by the noise and instinctively grabbed his left hand, no wounds. Although he didn’t exactly know why, he just felt relieved it's there. Dr. Fabian's chilly voice was the first thing Mori heard first after that deep sleep. He was dreaming, yes, it felt surreal and lengthy. He dreamt of many things that conspired in mere minutes. As much as he wants to learn what those shenanigans are, his wits trail back into his consciousness. Mori sat down and stretched, his body aches. 
"How long was I asleep?" then yawns


Mori looked at the clock, it read 3:00 am. It's so early and Mori is still sluggish to do a psych test. He told himself to just drop by the doctor's office and explain why he's not ready. Mori knocked a few times at the door, no response though so he let himself in. Inside was a padded room, a straight jacket was displayed on a mannequin. He's in the white room


The mannequin's head creakily turned to Mori as if there were bones being crushed with every turning inch. It spoke.
"Suit up" 
It launched towards him and attached itself to Mori's body. He was now wearing it. The sound of the door opening was heard. 
"Clarence, Ah, you're already here. Please, have a seat"


Mori, who's trying to scratch and get rid of this jacket, was placed on the couch against his will. The jacket seemed to have gained control of him. 
"Well then, are you ready for your psych test?"


Mori eyes the doctor, he brings out a pen from his pants pocket because he's not wearing any coat, Mori feels déjà vu. Though from his déjà vu, he frowned at the details, he thought that doctor Fabian should draw that pen out of his coat's pocket. Then Mori looks at the table. There should be coffee in a mug with two tablespoons of sugar or was it tea?. But instead the tabletop was clean, not a speck of dust, nothing. Mori then looks at the doctor. 
"Well then, Clarence let us begin. Can you tell me what happened to you before you awoke?"
Mori was thinking of saying he's not ready for this exam when he felt the straight jacket being tightened slightly
"I… was in an elevator with-..." The jacket tightens again "with the firemen, because they rescued me out of there"
Mori was uneasy, although he had no idea what the hell was happening, but he felt like he knew what would happen next. For instance, he knew something would happen if he answered truthfully about his whereabouts in that elevator incident and who he's with. Plus the suggestion of the straight jacket, Mori knew he had to do this test right. He had to do things right. Mori also felt like something would appear. But rather, he hears it. The ticking. It was the grandfather clock. He knew that there was something inside he had to retrieve before it broke or before he was sent back to square one, only if the doctor would allow him near it, it's quite old and seems like it's going to break with a single touch. 


3:02 the clock read


"That's one old clock, doc. How old was it? It’s beautiful" 
"Oh, it's almost a century old" Fabian proudly said "it's hands are still the original ones that's laced with gold, it's lost its shimmer though it still held up"
"And it still works?"
"No, unfortunately no."


The straight jacket felt loose as the ringing grew more audible to Mori and he felt it, his choice of action seems to be going in the right direction. He then noticed that the pendulum was still. He then stood up to take a closer look at the clock, the straight jacket loosened completely and disintegrated as soon as it fell on the floor. He leaned in close and heard a low frequency of static. Mori thought it was his ears ringing but upon listening directly, he knew it was emitted from inside this clock. Mori opened the glass enclosing the pendulum, he moved the metal beam from various angles to see if the voice would become clearer if he found the right spot, much like a radio. Soon, the transmission becomes clear


…


A place where statics play
Where sound is off
Yet the madness is on


…


Time won't tick
Til the lock still tock


…


How many times have you been wandering?
From where you start, have you finally found something?


…


Make your move with the hands of fate
Spare no minute, time is short


…




“Make your move with the hands of fate” Mori opened the glass enclosing the dial


"Times I've been wandering?" 
Mori felt confused. What does it mean, wandering? To him, he just woke up. How many days could it possibly have been? Mori lets go of the pendulum as the transmission returns to static. As he lets it go, the clock moves again. Fabian was shocked.
"I thought this clock made it's last —"


Tick


Tick


Tick


Tick


Tick


Tick


With every tick, the memories reverberate on Mori's head, his world spinning back and forth in the different times he spent the past minutes leading to 3:07. Making him remember the shenanigans he wanted to recall before getting up. Seven times. Means seven minutes. 


How many times have you been wandering?
Mori adjusted the clock's hands to VII


From where you start
It might've meant the room he usually stays in, Floor 4, Room 13. He adjusted the smaller hand to IV, and the larger hand to XIII. The clock's hands resets and all moved back to XII


Time won't tick
Til the lock still tock


Mori then pushed the golden button that held the hands together. The circular plate where the numbers are drawn, rotated along with the hands until the hands settled on the right time.


3:07


The sundial opened, revealing a key inside. The clock chimed a lovely melody, a calm tone that didn't ring violently in the ear. Mori held the key and looked at it closely. The label read
"White room"