This piece took heavy inspiration from the film, Anastasia but instead of the classic movie, I tried to write a darker theme and an unfortunate ending to anyone involved. Since I also don’t want to tarnish or make an accidental commentary about the Russian Royal Family, I took the liberty to create a fictional world for this story to take place in.


Ghosts of Revehavez


The current monarch, Soren Sullivan Revehavez, was exiled from the palace. The people didn't know that there are surviving people of the royal family, they thought they all got killed when the rebels took over. The survivors were forced to live on a far away land and throughout the generations, they continued to say that they're going to reclaim their throne someday. Many from that land thought they were crazy and heeded them no mind because not one single survivor can prove that they were in any way connected to the Revehavez Royal Family. However when the rebellion stopped and the state turned into a new government, which is approximately two decades later, the heir to the throne was being pushed by her parents to reclaim the palace and their old authority. The new government thought that if given enough proof, they could authorise the return of the palace and its royalties to the heir. But the ‘heir’ Demalryie Revehavez, has no plans of being a queen. Her relatives could muster up enough proof but the ‘heir’ is not willing to take that. What convinced her to hastily take the place is when her family got harassed by the people within their community, they said that crazy people didn't belong here and they should leave. She declared her title and the seal of her family in front of them. The recent news about the rumours of the royal family surviving is heard in their village. And since she has the seal, those town folks are scared and give her respect. But one guy got hysterical, he thought that she'd throw him in prison when she got the power. He took out the elders in her family and that, along with uncertainty, dominoed to a mass hysteria. The townspeople wanted to cover up this act but the royal family retaliated. The former archduke, Leerstelle Revehavez, Demalryie’s uncle tried to defend the family but the enemy was just too many. The third princess who is trained to parry, Reiss Revehavez, also defended them. They hid in their home and saved all the proof they needed. They let Demalryie run for it and reclaim what's theirs—even if that means they’ll perish in the process. She's the first in line and is considerably the wisest so they entrusted her with all of this. Even if she thought that being a queen of all the royals and the country is too much, she can't turn her back to her family. But this family of hers is slowly being hunted and she has to travel to a country she's born to rule, yet never set foot on. Her journey is perilous. She dared look back but her fear is too great. She kept moving forward hoping that the next town she'll end up in is the land where she's supposed to go. Miles and miles and lots of stopovers later, she arrived at the abandoned palace. It's still in a condition where you can see its glamour but since it's considered haunted, nobody dared live there nor even plunder because everyone is scared of the Ghosts of the Revehavez to haunt them when they stole their items. She wandered around the broken pillars and shattered windows. She just wondered how this could be theirs. What made her believe is when she got to the hallway of royalties where every king or queen had been painted. She touched the paintings and it seemingly moved and waved at her. At first she thought she was crazy but at the same time she felt relieved, that she is just as crazy as her family. She saw her grandfather painted on the far end, she noticed that there's a blank canvas across his. She imagined her portrait hanging there if the rebels didn't kick them away and how her family would've been alive if she took the role sooner. 




After this she made her way to the authorities and addressed the townspeople until she got what was hers. When she got her power, she requested the search for her family on the distant land, her uncle went rogue and her sister was nowhere to be found. The rest of the family had no trace. She was angered and requested an excavation at that village; the villagers are not permitting any foreigners in their land to search for dead bodies.