Imaginality - Chapter 7: A Clown? Another??! Three clowns??!!!
MDorendaamy, MDaeya2l5e,r2i0n2h6aled7,:2b9rPaMcing himself to talk about the details of the plan.
“First of all, you two can just call me Vesper. I suppose ‘Dream Dealer’ is not a real name.”
“Okay, Vesper. What are we going to do exactly?” Kiran took one last glance at the suburban welcome sign and then looked forward towards Vesper. The scenery returned to the waking void–covering the remnants of Charnelia Phantasma with the shadows until there’s only darkness, the three of them are now wandering in the empty part of this dimension, the part where no domains manifested…just yet.
“As I’ve mentioned, the…my domain was now annexed to another. And it turns out, we have to pass through that annex. It would be the safest entry point as it would not raise any suspicion. But that place needs some kind of ticket, it’s a circus after all."
“Circus??!” Euxine sounded excited
Vesper stopped and turned around to pinch Euxine’s ear, to snap her out of the excitement
“Missy, you cannot be excited—not too much at least. Because that’s how they’ll get you” he let go of her ear “That place runs on forced happiness, if you had too much or got lost in the ‘fun’ you’d eventually turn into them”
“Them??” Euxine asks as she rubbed her throbbing ear
“Clowns! Dastardly giggly and fake-as-shit clowns”
“Are we going there now? Do you have the tickets already?” Kiran asked as a looming figure was upon them
“We’re short on the ticket situation. Three tickets short in fact” Vesper sarcastically said as he tried his best to lighten the mood in this otherwise dark dimension. A decrepit building, it looks like a department store, though the signages are worn out, most letters have fallen. The name ‘onio-Mart-nia’ was barely readable, some letters are literally the remnant outline of the fallen letters.
“Do any of you have the experience and or the ability of dickering or should I say,
haggling for lower prices?”
Kiran and Euxine looked at each other, confused “Dickering?”
“We need to be able to buy three tickets, I assume none of you really have any money?” “Uhhh…no”
“Well then, this mart accepts any, I mean any kind of payment. It doesn’t automatically, necessarily demand monetary…” Vesper led out a tiny reel of film. “Money, memories…even body parts are accepted here, clerks do not see any difference. My only advice for you two is that you don’t leave any debt.” He was about to hand it to the two of them but stopped “I mean it! The saleslady here does not like debt at all, I think you two knew, in the nature of this dimension, she’d trap you!”
“Of course” they both nodded as they accepted the reels.
“Once you two obtained the ticket, meet me out here. Or if you managed to get it first, wait for me right here” Vesper led out a clapperboard, wrote something on its scene box
“Ticket gathering scene” he wrote. “Okayyyy, we’re looking to buy tickets to the ‘Giggly Alley’, but we need the ‘Cheerbius’ limited edition version. Not the ‘Cheerclave’ version.
The Cheerbius is what we need because it’s what you call it, ‘Unlimited rides’ version of the ticket. It would basically allow us to explore that domain without any time limit”
“Not to mention, unlimited rides–” Euxine followed up but was stopped by Vesper’s annoyed glare “But we can enjoy it though…”
Vesper did not reply, he just maintained that annoyed look, clearly not moving on the ‘enjoying the circus’ idea considering that domain’s nature. But he just sighed at Euxine’s excited expression. She probably never had any ‘fun’ in this dimension.
“What’s that?” Kiran curiously asked as he pointed at the slate Vesper is holding
“It’s a film slate, it allows me to record a scene so as to not get lost in a domain. As long as I clap this before wandering, I would remember the scene I wrote, I would remember my objective. Moreover, if we did screw up, I could ‘call it’ and we’d return to this point.”
“Wow, that’s amazing, Vesper!” the two of them gazed at him eagerly
“But we have it limited, I’m a rogue master now, I could only revert the scenes for…2, 3 times now.”
“That’s still great, we’ll promise we’d be careful to not screw it up!” The two of them replied like excited kids after being allowed to order something from a fast-food drivethrough. Vesper’s stern expression softened a little. He then realized that they’re probably inexperienced wanderers unlike him who’s been…well, tenured.
“Okay…Are you guys ready?” Vesper readied his clapperboard “Ready!” they both replied
Clack
The three of them walked in the department store, despite appearances on the outside, this place is quite lively, with rows and rows of merchants along with patrons carrying bags and bags of purchased items, its packaging were of different brands. Euxine was distracted by a stall selling plushies while Kiran was interested in ‘checking out’ the miniature car pieces just over there; nudging Vesper to go to that stall while Euxine was full on shaking his arm. Vesper sighed, slightly defeated, then pinched their ears
“I sometimes forgot you two weren’t that much of a wanderers” he rolled his eyes as he let go of their ears and then rummaged through his coat. “Here, wear this” He led out two sets of sunglasses with contraptions attached by the rim.
“What is it?” Euxine asked
“It’s one of my director lenses. It would allow you to see the depth of the scene I wrote on the slate. It would essentially allow you two to not get lost in the domain” he pinched their cheeks this time so as to ‘wake them up’
“Ohhh, okay, got it” Euxine and Kiran put the glasses on and it then provided them a tint like from sunglasses, highlighting the relevant path and stalls they would need to visit for the ticket.
“Okay, follow me” Vesper let go of the pinching and nudged their cheeks gently as he led them to the highlighted places
“Don’t you need these sunglasses? Considering you’re the one leading us?” Kiran suggested as he’s awakened and is still pained from the pinch
“I have those built in, like contact lenses, don’t worry about it.” Vesper then walked here and there, gently turning down each salesperson trying to persuade him into buying ‘this’ and ‘that’. Though there are times Euxine and Kiran were often about to be lured in a stall, the lenses reeled them back to focus. It made them wonder though, how strong does each shop is to reel in every customer considering many patrons are actually
buying, if it wasn’t from the lenses, they’d be dry of currency by now. Eventually, the lenses alert them, the tickets they’re looking for are being sold……over…where…it's leading them towards an area that probably has them out for sale.
“Over there” Vesper whispered back to them and went directly to where it was being held. Kiran and Euxine followed the lenses, a faint glow of the path leading to it was seen quite clearly on the ground. They elusively tried following it amidst the crowd, trying hard to not bump into anyone, considering everyone had a lot of paper bags filled almost to the brim. Bumping onto them would definitely spill their items and it would be stomped on as the surge of people does not seem to stop.
“Where–...Oh there!” Euxine panted, Kiran close by, holding her hand tight. The lenses cannot pinpoint the exact stall but it's leading them in this general area. Before they could get around, a profound person sat near on some kind of podium, with an item inside a rigid glass case. As it seems, the stall they wandered to was a ‘Prestige Bidding Podium’ as indicated by the sign they could barely read from their distance from it…Hold on!…They couldn’t see Vesper anywhere. Their attention was distracted by the commotion. The Auctioneer cleared her throat as she adjusted the mic by the podium.
“Greetings, everyone.” she cheerily started “As for our next item…” she stretched her arm to steer the attention to the glass case “A limited edition of the classic, La Zyvaierosse perfume, is up for auction. Starting bid 50 Reminischillings!”
“Remine–what?” Kiran sounded frustrated
“Reminischillings!” The guy beside them repeated enthusiastically “You need those to pay for anything, duh!”
“Uh…Of course” Kiran was weirded out and ready to leave so as to not let this guy see him again out of embarrassment but he didn’t even know how much conversion that is in terms of real money…or with the case in this domain…
“how much is…the what?? The Reminischillings???” Kiran thought, clearly frustrated the hell out
“Uh, sir?” Euxine struck a conversation with the guy “How much is a…Reminischillings converted to this” Euxine led out the film reel.
“Uhh, well…, ” the guy was slightly caught off guard by the amount of…Reminischillings she had, he then unreeled it, counting each frame and then converting it, muttering and then recounting them again to make sure. “This is approximately…like 65 ‘Nischies.”
“How about this, mister?” Kiran led out his stash of reel. The man repeated his process before, muttering to himself until he carefully rolled the reel back neatly “70 ‘Nischies this one.”
“Thanks!” They both thanked him as the man returned his focus back on the bidding podium.
“I got a 120! Going once?” The auctioneer chimed “140!” another shouted
“I got a 140? Higher than 140 ‘Nischies??? Do I get a 150??” “155!” somebody shouted amongst the crowd
The bidding continues as the price goes higher “255! Is 255 the cessation bid??”
The crowd went silent, the auctioneer chimed a bell instead of the usual gavel. Upon the ringing of the bell, the last bidder, a well-dressed woman, came up to the front of the glass case. Then the auctioneer stood calmly as she took a sip of water before clearing
her throat to speak again
“Closing bid!” she started talking, galvanizing the crowd with enthusiasm “Calling for the Cessation Bid! Who here wants to bid for the last time for the prestige and exclusive perfume from the prestigious baron, La Zyvaierosse??”
“What?” Euxine confusingly said as she looked at Kiran who’s as puzzled as she is.
The contender was another woman, wearing skinny jeans and an oversized jacket, she had head accessories that goes well with her afro hairstyle. Now that the contender reached the area where the last bidder stood, Euxine managed to have a clear comparison between the two women that prompted her to look around warily. She then nudged Kiran.
“Hey, have you noticed anything strange?” “Strange? How?”
“Look around, dear. Does this department have…a generational chasm?” “What??”
“Look, the contender and the bidder dress differently. Judging from their overall getup, those are authentic! As in that’s an era appropriate clothing, not some costume!”
“Are you sure?? This is a department store, dear. They could’ve bought those clothes here–” Kiran looked around, a tall looking fellow wearing a full Victorian style suit with the top hat, a ragged looking guy with denim vests and a distinct scorched hat…along with knights in heavy clanging full body armor. The more the two of them looked around, the more out of era people seem to browse, inquire, haggle, and buy items simultaneously.
“Uh, I see it now…” he nudged Euxine closer to him so as to not let her stray away from this…generational chasm. Their attention was caught by the auctioneer ringing the bell wildly; it almost broke the bell.
“We have a winner!” she yelled happily “Lady Channel is incapable of fighting for her own bid!” the crowd went crazy “The La Zyvaierosse perfume goes to our winner Lady Porcellana”
Lady Porcellana gracefully claimed her prize while handing the amount of Nischies to which the auctioneer unlocked and removed the lock of the glass case. She then picked the bottle and handed it carefully to Lady Porcellana. The first thing she did was spritz the perfume on her neck and onto the bleeding body of her defeated enemy.
“This’ll be putrid later on” she mocked the unmoving body of Lady Channel “But not my perfume!” she snarkily commented as she walked on the puddle of blood, placing her earned ‘prize’ in one of her bags and she walked away from the bidding stall, leaving bloody footprints to which none of the patrons seemed to mind. The crowd piling for the recent auction started to dissipate as the auctioneer placed a sign reading ‘next auction soon’ on the podium. Euxine and Kiran were left, still surprised at what just happened. They were then approached by the auctioneer.
“Sorry, dears, the next item to be put up in auction would take…quite a while! Just browse somewhere else for now”
“Oh, uh…” Euxine felt short of words, Kiran then continued her thoughts.
“We’re looking for…a ticket. For the Giggly Alley circus. We need the Cheerbius edition.”
“Ah! That’s where you two are in luck! I think a fellow was just selling just that? Come on, follow me!” She marched quickly towards the supposed stall. Euxine and Kiran paid
attention to their lenses, it does match the area so they followed this…auctioneer. “Uhh…” Euxine awkwardly muttered
“Oh, forgive me. That’s not very astute of me, where are my manners? I’m Rox Lollie-Meerlalle. I could be addressed as miss, madame, or simply just my name, depending on who’s asking” her cheerful nature betrayed her voice because that last statement came out cold.
“Uhm, what should we address you then? What do you prefer?” Kiran spoke, lightly. He tried his best for his voice to not crack
Rox just giggled though her eyelinered eye that seemed very snarky.
“Miss Rox is okay” she veered back to the direction she’s leading them to, pretty much, a distinct calliope organ music was slightly heard. A fast paced lively music accompanied by…a violin? A whimsical tent then came into view, in the middle of a metropolitan department store…was a multicolored tent that stood quite prominent–prominently out of place!. A clown, who was dressed as whimsy as the tent, stood by the entrance of the tent, playing the violin. The tent is visibly moving err—dancing in sync with the calliope organ music…Is the tent playing the calliope music?
The clown heard a distinct sound and then noticed Miss Rox, it was her high-heels clacking on the tiled floor and it took for him a double take before comically throwing his violin within the tent and the calliope music changed beats while it's still playing. At a distance, this clown looked cheerful, his painted face was strewn with vivid colors and dynamic design with a distinct smile that ran across from one ear to the other. But upon closer inspection, his lips are curled into a frown, his eyes resting and not at all whimsy. Euxine and Kiran looked at each other and then at Miss Rox’s back and then at the disgruntled clown.
“Madame Meerlalle…” the clown effusively greeted her “Can I help you with–”
Miss Rox cut him off by the signal of her hand, she then faced Euxine and Kiran “Well, here you are!” she nodded the clown towards their direction, wordlessly urging the clown to do something
“Oh, uhh…” the clown looked nervous but he performed a slick trick of making a card appear out of his sleeve, he then handed it to Kiran. It was a business card, the front reads:
Murmur Droll


Ticketteer for the ticket to whimsy!



Funny, cotton candy, and once in a lifetime circus experience that would guarantee eternal happiness!


In which case you are not as whimsy, no refunds.


For inquiries, find yourself a smile and the answer will come to you...next
While the back reads:


ADMIT ONE NOW OR FOREVER.
Ticketteer’s tickets — available at discretion.
Get one… or don’t.


Your smile is always just one frown away!


CHEERCLAVE ENTRÉ — Standard Bangle
    • Grants one turn per ride
    • Must be returned to clown staff by end of operating hours (if you can)
    • Does not permit entry to the Main Show


CHEERBIUS EONIAN— Limited Edition Mobius Bangle
    • Unlimited access to all attractions
    • Includes access to the Main Show
    • Can be kept as a souvenir — permanently



BE WHIMSY, OR DON’T.
Your happiness defines who you are… anyway.





Seeing the clown hands a business card painted a smile across Miss Rox’s face. She then excused herself and left them to the presence of the clown.
“Nice to meet you, Murmur. I’m Kiran and this is my wife, Euxine. We’re here for the Cheerbius bangle. One for each of us”
“Likewise, lovebirds.” Murmur managed to relax a little bit upon Miss Rox leaving. “Oh wait a minute” he scurried back to his tent to find his violin and he then comforted whoever’s in the tent and thus it started playing the calliope music again.
“Well, well. Pardon for the distractions. Without further ado, let me introduce myself properly! Ahem” he did that trick from before again but this time he pulled out a handful of confetti, he seemingly traded his violin out of thin air for spontaneous release of fanfare. Quite contrasting from his mood when Miss Rox is present.
“Greetings, Lady and Gentleman, I’m the renowned travelling ticketteer of the Giggly Alley, Murmur Droll!”
Euxine clapped lightly at his performance, after Murmur managed to introduce himself, he flailed his arms, his baggy clothes creating a gust of wind that whirled all the scattered confettis into his hands. When the gust settled, it formed a pair of bangles.
“Oh, pardon. These are the Cheerclave Entre. Hmm…” he excused himself to rummage his tent for the cheerbius edition. “Aw shucks, fellow. It seems like all my current stash of the Cheerbius Eonian is purchased by Madame Meerlalle”
“Purchased?” Kiran confusingly asked
“Well, Madame Meerlalle buys something from everyone renting a stall. She often bulk buys every rare item sold by every owners and she’d bid it on her podium to ensure higher profit because of its rarity” he sighed a very exhausted sigh “Considering she made it scarce, the profit does went up by at least 200%”
Kiran managed to catch the moment Murmur Droll accidentally showed his exhaustion, for a moment, the outfit and the makeup contradicts the clown. His enervation did not lie, his shoulder slumped, his eyes almost teary. This reminded Kiran that this domain is not just any other department store…for a while he was engrossed with the fast-paced nature, even if the lenses guide him, there are times he slips.
“What is happening around us? What is this place?” Kiran just asked
Murmur Droll managed to look at Kiran, directly with his unnerved, tired eyes, not the whimsical eyes surrounded by makeup.
“We are in a chaos, masked by the insatiable desire to purchase worthless, expensive items.” he…murmured. Kiran almost didn’t get to understand it.
“Who is the master?” he retaliated, the speed of the calliope music progressing and
progressing! Murmur Droll’s eyes were stern but there’s a visible hint of genuine fear.
“Who…” Kiran thought before…Murmur’s eyes deviate to the left, Kiran and Euxine managed to get a hint, so they slowly turned their heads…and a familiar vibe was felt. Although the presence to which Droll was trying to hint them could be just some kind of troublesome entity or…they calibrated…it’s the domain master.
“Who is your enemy?” Murmur Droll asked, his voice sounding stagnant in the fast paced environment, with the fastidious music of the calliope organ along with the constant flow of patrons…Their attention was drawn back to the ticketteer.
“The enemy lurks far, wide and…close…” he murmurs again…The organ music was held to a full stop upon the sound of a ringing bell from behind them.
“Greetings, everyone!” The same voice of Miss Rox was heard quite…loud and clear from here. “We have another item up for bid!”
Kiran and Euxine felt an ominous vibe upon understanding what the ticketteer had just said.
“You don’t mean…” Euxine muttered
“Ayep.” he said casually, fishing his violin out of the tent again and started tuning it. “I reckon I can’t help you lovebirds any further. If you want that Cheerbius, you better–”
“A pair of the limited edition ticket to the Giggly Alley, The precious Cheerbius is up for bid!” Miss Rox’s loud voice blasted from all directions…from unseen speakers.
“Well, there’s your ticket. Good luck.” he started playing the cheery tone.
Kiran just clutched Euxine’s hand as he prepared walking towards Miss Rox’s podium
“Come on, let’s go.” “Okay”
They marched back to the podium, pretty much, people gathered, contemplating whether they needed to buy the item up for auction. That’s where Euxine felt a lingering sensation…a wisp of whispering was heard slightly, tempting people to bid higher. Its voice is low, only meant for one person yet its depth digs deep; right into their psyche.
“You ABSOLUTELY need it” a voice said
“Look at how prestige that is, you NEED it” another similar sounding voice whispered
“Come on, dear. It’s a once in a lifetime deal considering that it’s the only remaining one in this mart!”
“It’s a deal! Take two tickets!”
Euxine combed the area, she noticed several entities from which these whispers are coming from, they all looked identical, like familial. Upon closer inspection, it was all Miss Rox, dressed in different outfits from different time periods. She seems to be targeting specific people and to make them feel at ease, she incorporates herself by dressing appropriately to that person’s era. Euxine managed to detect every doppelganger in the area using her mist, she concluded that they had to ‘get rid’ of competitors if they wanted to win that bid. To retaliate, she led out another veil of mist that disrupted the whispers thus making the people disinterested and then walked out the auction area. Once Euxine noticed the ‘trick’, she told his husband, Kiran then asked Astroculus to enhance her mist with the obscuring smoke. Eventually, the crowd thinned, with the remaining people bidding lower than what Miss Rox initially targeted, she sounded and looked extremely pissed though she can’t actually pinpoint as to why. The final bid ended up being only 38 Nischies. The price is quite favorable but the Cessian Bid is their problem. They might’ve disenchanted people too much to the point they’re not interested in it. But there’s still people that don't seem to be budging any time soon, they were worried someone would fight them for it.
“38 Nischies! Is this the final bid!” she sounded annoyed
“40!” Kiran shouted
“40 Nischies, going once!”
…
“Going twice!”
…
…
“40 Nischies for the pair of Cheerbius Bangles. We are now up for the Cessian Bid!
Anyone wanted to fight tooth and nail for these for the last time???!”
Kiran was already by the glass case, he’s readying his Reminischillings. Miss Rox rolledher eyes, almost contemplating not to give the bangles at such a low price. But no one is standing up nor shouting to bid. She stomped her foot while trying to open the case, acting and looking like a spoiled brat while she struggled to open the case. Kiran on the other hand, seemed content that nobody is willing to fight him for it.
Until a voice shouted.
“Add a zero to that, Madame Meerlalle!” The thin crowd made it easy to see who just said that. It was a clown…but that’s not Murmur Droll, his clothes are of different design and his vibe, though it felt similar to Droll, is also distinctly different. He reached deep into his sleeve, pulling out a wand with several confettis spilling from the sleeve. He
then summoned a fanfare, another figure was blowing a trumpet, after a tune, the trumpeter, who turned out to be Droll, exploded into a mesmerizing flamboyant display of colorful visage.
“Terribly sorry for the late bidding, Madame Meerlalle. But I assume I could still bid??” “Why yes, we’re still at the Cessian Bid. Is 400 the final bid Mr…?”
“Murmur Prikki-boggle.”
“Murmur?” Euxine muttered.
“Well then, let the Cessian Bid begin.” Miss Rox threw two knives at Kiran and Prikki-boggle’s feet. Then gestured to them to ‘start fighting’. When Kiran picked up the knife to inspect it, it was actually quite dull, it would take multiple stabs to just pierce through the clothes…He doubts he could even stab hard enough to reach flesh…But Miss Rox just rang the bell, the next thing he knew, Pirkki-boggle lunged at him, only missing him…barely. When Kiran tried adding pressure to his abdomen, he could feel a cold sensation. It was a protective layer made by Euxine…He then looked at her, patiently watching. She gave him an encouraging nod. But before Prikki-boggle could fight again, he also inspected his knife, it was wet with water but not blood, disappointed, he exuberantly spoke, almost shouting.
“Well this just ain’t fair!” he ebulliently pointed the knife towards his opponent. “We’re supposed to be duelling. Duel-ling! Just a 1v1! A duo-el! but this–!” he pointed at his wet knife angrily “This is the work of another! His ally! His–!” he led out a nasty grin as his creepy makeup glowed and his knife glinted a murderous tint. He threw it on the crowd. “Well, this is just jolly”
Euxine swatted the knife away.
“Well, well, it's not just any ally! It’s his wife!” he giggled maniacally
Miss Rox gasped dramatically, she must’ve connected the dots. The source of her annoyed behavior is now pointed, the reason why the whips-ers are not working is because of her. Miss Rox’s demeanor felt…rabid. Euxine eyed her…unblinking and fearless…But Miss Rox is already beyond angry, she wanted to wrestle Euxine but if she revealed why, the karma would return to her almost immediately, the people might run awry when they realized their free will is actually miss rox’s will. Knowing this, Euxine was keeping her cool but she knows that they’re up for trouble.
They don’t have 400 Reminischillings. They can’t lose but even if Kiran won this Cessian Bid, they still had to pay the Nischies. Shit!
They promised Vesper they won’t leave any debt…It's a real conundrum.
“If we’re fighting 2v2, might I summon my own companion??!” Prikki-boggie interrupted the stares. He started flailing his baggy clothes, turns out he had multiple clothes on, eventually, he ripped the first layer off like a theatre actor, waved it around like a matador, he seemed to be expecting something to rush towards the multicolored fabric. His pantomime act is quite…authentic or at least it feels like a real performance.
Patrons are captivated by the flamboyant display, with several shoppers stopping to watch him perform. He then acted like someone stroked the fabric; he ‘dusted off’ the fabric and laid it on the seemingly empty space. The fabric settled, with a figure clearly underneath. He used his hand to countdown with the patrons counting along in excitement.
5
4
3
2
1
!!!
Murmur Prikki-boggle snatched the fabric away which revealed Murmur Droll.
“Well then, miss!” he hissed as he called out to Euxine. “It’s now a 2v2!”
Euxine stepped up, reaching out to Kiran who’s already leading his hand out to her.
“You want to dance?” The sheer mist Euxine accumulated sharply on her fingertips was oh boy, so cold.
“Hahahaha” the maniac voice of Prikki-boggle echoed as he laughed his lungs away “Let’s dance!” the baggy clothes of both murmurs deflates like balloons, eventually fitting to them almost skin tight, Prikki-boggle chirped to Droll. The patrons made way for a dancefloor, some are congested in one area. As it turns out, that group of people started betting on which couple is going to win the bid.
“Pas de deux, dear” Prikki led a Grande Jeté, jumping with a knife on one hand, directly towards their opponent; upon landing, he’s determined to separate them as to divide their power. Droll followed with a Tour en l'air, seeming to understand Prikki’s lead, he went directly towards Euxine. Droll’s graceful move is as deadly as it is precise. His bold, dynamic makeup reveals the beauty of the clown. Which would have been a good insight to tell him if they didn’t meet during a deathmatch. The killing-dancing captivates anyone who watched, but the dancers are full of genuine bloodlust.
“It takes two to tango, dear? Abrazo?” Kiran struck a starting pose, it’s a supposed embrace of the two dancers, with his arms posed to where the partner’s waist and hand should be. Euxine, in response, posed likewise. She placed her hand on the empty air where Kiran’s shoulder should be and her hand hung lonely without him. The lace from Euxine’s funeral dress is shrouded with mist, essentially ‘washing’ the deep dark color of the fabric, allowing a watery glistening pattern to run through her otherwise melancholic dress. Astroculus, seeming to understand, generated a wisp of smoke that not only fixes Kiran’s butler attire, but also enhances his getup into a Tango appropriate attire. Lancaster was heard mumbling about ‘fixing his hair’ when the smoke settled,
Kiran’s hair now slicked back
“Ain’t this too much gel?” Blasteigrath commented “Nonesense!” Keller backed Lancaster up
“He looked like a drunkard that seduced women to a dance” Astroculus snorted
“All of you shut up!” Kiran hissed, clearly embarrassed “Seduction is the literal point of Tango!”
“Bro she’s our wife, I think we’re beyond the seducing–” Blasteigrath followed up but was immediately interrupted
Across the room, Euxine was quite adorned by his get up. Her thoughts were “I’ve never seen him in this get up!” Which only made the rest of them literally shut up and is flustered.
“Damnit, focus! The clown is upon us!”
Prikki-boggle sneakily pulled out more and more knives from his sleeves, performing tricks while throwing knives intended at Kiran’s face. At first he thought that the clown was only reusing the knives by picking them up but once he managed to look around, several knives were stabbed all around. Where is he getting all these knives?
Prikki then conjured at least eight throwing knives, flaunting it while each knife was
wedged between his fingers. He giggled to himself.
“Usually it's my assistant” he outstretched one of his arms towards where Droll is “who is in the Wheel of Death! Strapped and waiting to be stabbed like the dummy we used during practice!” his creepy giggling echoed “and right now…the dummy is you, my friend”
Prikki-boggle then performed a single tour en l'air while throwing the knives along with his circular motion. Kiran gasped like a 50s actress, exaggeratingly gasping in a satirical manner.
“I am not your friend.” he exclaimed. He led out his cloak to prevent any knives from landing on the patrons. Prikki was annoyed at him now.
“That’s the part you’re worried about?"
“Why yes, it’s insulting. Besides, the goal of a knife act is purposefully not hitting the one on the board. How really bad are you at your own act if you kept hitting your assistant?”
Prikki just grinned, seemingly reminiscing at one of their practices.
“It’s not my fault those knives hit him” he grins more widely “He wanted those knives so bad, I just had to give it.”
After putting up with Prikki’s act, he counted the knives that landed on his cloak…”got ‘em all eight.” he thought. The burrowed knives then started fragmenting like a stained glass until it became one with the cloak. Soon, Kiran led out his own knives, the deadly diamond shards he once used. This time it was enhanced with Moriente’s powers, which is liquid acid. Each shard emits a violent “hisssss” sound along with fumes.
“You want a dance? Let’s dance!” Kiran threw homing shards, keenly following Prikki’s movement. Prikki used his speed to avoid those shards but they seem to be getting faster and faster, several shards managed to scratch him, with the violent “hissing” sound digging into his clothes. Prikki encircled Kiran, hoping the shards would eventually scathe him if he kept enough distance, Kiran in retaliation performed Molinete, gracefully performing delicate footwork while being able to turn and look directly where Prikki is and where he’s planning to go next. The constant scratch of the shards pissed Prikki, the annoying hissing sound was no longer bearable to him because it eventually melted the sleeve of his clothes. His scream released a shockwave of fanfare, making the shards fall to ground. Kiran was surprised and just commanded the shards to make his way back to his cloak. He prepared another batch of ‘knives’ and pointed it towards the disgruntled clown. With a fastidious Calesita, Kiran managed to throw his knives but Prikki pressed his hands together, struggling to actually clasp them together, stopping the barrage of knives Kiran threw.
“Look at what you’ve done to my clothes!!” he shouted as he tried to swat the knives away. But what he doesn’t know is the acid is initially odorless when in gaseous form. Prikki was only focused on stopping the knives itself; he didn't consider the seeping toxins that are already affecting him by now. The more he tried to clasp his hands, the more paralyzed he felt. He realized that he wasn’t able to clasp it because of the toxins, not necessarily because of his lack of strength.
“What the…” Prikki was almost paralyzed in place, Kiran was about to ‘finish’ him but was hesitant.
“Hand me the Nichies, bub!” Kiran demanded while keeping his voice low “What??!! What Nichies??” Prikki’s purposely annoying him now
“Didn’t you bid for the Cheerbius? And you don’t have the Nichies to pay for it??” “Coming from the guy who’s threatening me for said Nichies…who is also on the
bidding podium? What the hell, doode??”
“Aren’t you a ticketteer yourself? Why bother buying the ticket when you’re selling them yourself??”
“Didn’t Droll tell you we’re out of stock?? Besides, the standard price of the Cheerbius bangle sits around 150 Nichies. Too bad Madame Meerllale didn’t manage to make the bid high enough. Hahahahah” he looked at Miss Rox who’s annoyed on the podium, waiting for them to fight it all out. Otherwise she couldn’t interfere.
“Also, I’m quite, literally itching for a fight…so. Here we are” Prikki then started twitching slowly, apparently, the toxins are starting to wear out. His body eventually contorting into bone cracking, dangerous level.
“Yeesh, I should've taken more flexibility classes with them Aeolius…” Prikki is visibly straining, his body twitching while also losing consciousness every few moves. His head hung low only to wake up, twitch and get knocked out again. Kiran starts creating distance between them. He wanted to close in on Euxine but her own battle is still ongoing.
Euxine on the other hand was trying to move towards Droll, her watery claws being made for a close fight after all. Droll was pretty elusive, almost just dodging and not fighting back. Euxine was left confused. Droll was mainly just dancing, he doesn’t even have a weapon ready. Upon closer inspection though, she noticed Droll’s eyes were completely hollow. His sclera is black…uhh…no?? more like the entirety of his eyes are missing.
“What the…Droll?” Euxine tried consoling him but his movements felt…controlled. Like this figure in front of her felt like a carcass being puppeteered. Euxine looked at where Prikki and Kiran were fighting, Prikki is visibly in control of himself, while his assistant is like this…What’s happening???
Euxine tried fighting nonetheless, she summoned a spear-like surge of water, slicing through Droll’s chest, his tattered clothes revealed a literal empty body. He’s just a bunch of clothes moving around…There’s something vitally missing. Like Euxine before, what Droll is missing is his equivalent of the crystalline. Droll eventually started gasping, hungry and desperate for air. His eyes are normal now.
“What the…Miss Euxine? What is happening?” he shakily asks as he notices the gaping void in his own chest. “Damnit, Prikki!” he hissed at Prikki’s direction. Turns out Prikki is currently paralyzed, allowing the consciousness to slightly seep back to him in an on and off manner.
“I’m so embarrassed, Miss Euxine. I apologize.” He started talking quite fast. “Me and Prikki-Boggle…er, I assume he did some kind of introduction before…what are we doing now??”
Euxine nodded. The consciousness is playing between Droll and Prikki like a broken, flickering light bulb, Droll is interrupted every other sentence, he tries to speak as fast as he can every time he is the one awake.
“We share the same consciousness, whoever had the consciousness would have the physical body, not this kind of void. We’re assistant and main performer, I being the assistant. I sometimes let him have control when I became too overwhelmed with all the selling business. He’s quite spontaneous…more of uhh…unhinged though…”
“Is he the one playing in the tent before?”
“Yeah, if things are slow he’d just play the calliope organ, he liked playing that–” he passed out
…
“Well, uh…How can we get out of this predicament though?? I don’t want to fight you.”
“Me too, Miss Euxine. Ticket selling shouldn’t even be like this. I sincerely apologize on behalf of the Murmurs…—” he passed out again
“Murmurs?”
“Every clown is designated for a specific job and each job has a distinct call sign. For us ticketteers, it's Murmurs. For others its—”
…
This time Droll didn’t manage to follow up, as it seems, Prikki was gaining more and more control over his consciousness. Euxine looked at where the other clown was. Kiran is quite disgruntled at his opponent, she then rushes back to him. Droll retired to empty mode, his movement is like a puppet’s. Euxine quickly explained the nature of these clowns and she had a plan to make it seem like they ‘defeated’ them without actually killing them. But first, Droll had to know the details. They had to knock out Prikki for quite some time.
“RAHHHHHH” Prikki screamed, his voice distorted. It rattled the surrounding area. The ghost of Droll’s body became a literal pile of clothes, it flew directly to where Prikki-boggle is. Droll’s mask merged with Prikki’s face, the remaining of the clothes enhanced Prikki’s body like a grotesque mutant. He then led out several wands…rather rods. He attached something on one end and the mouth of Droll’s mask began breathing fire. The performance is now accompanied with flashy multicolored and uncontrolled fire.
“Meet Keros!” he flailed his burning rods
“Err, hi, Keros…” Euxine waved. Quite literally, Euxine conjured the same watery safeguard to protect her and Kiran from getting burns.
Prikki started lighting several rods and then throwing them in the air, each rod started moving in a playful manner upon being tossed until they all started swinging like a pendulum. Soon, several rods hung in the air, they looked like majestic chandeliers with an apparent intention of burning people down.
“How are we going to wake up Droll exactly…” Kiran whispered
“I have an idea” Euxine spoke close to Kiran’s ears. Discussing the plan while Prikki continues to throw more and more rods.
…
“What??! That’s too dangerous dear!” Kiran objected
“If it doesn't work, call out to Vesper to reverse things! We got this, don’t worry!” Kiran nodded in agreement as they prepared to execute said plan.
…
Kiran and Euxine continued to perform the Tango. The starting pose of Abrazo now complete, their hands holding, the others are placed accordingly. Euxine then manifested quite similarly to the looks of the Mistress from before, she’s like a serpentine with a glassy texture, her skin is quite glistening.
“Ready?” “Absolutely”
Prikki didn’t notice that Euxine’s form changed, he just charged at them once the rods were now emitting violent flames. He conjured knives, determined to strike Kiran’s annoying face and burn a nasty scar. Prikki tried launching directly at them but every time he tried interfering with the dance, they gracefully let each other go only to reunite
seamlessly and continue the dance like nothing happened. Prikki starts concentrating the flame’s intensity directly at where they’re landing soon, Euxine tries preparing a mist to protect only one side, then Kiran leads with a Molinete followed by a Calesita, essentially spinning Euxine courteously. While also allowing the protective mist to surround their area completely and allowing dangerous levels of heat to dissipate. Prikki was beyond annoyed, he wanted to end this facade quickly.
Prikki stopped in his tracks, gathering the rods and aiming all of them directly at them. Each rod spikes as if he doused them with kerosene. Kiran nodded at Euxine…their plan is about to take place right about…
…
Now!
Prikki threw several rods, with Kiran gently pushing Euxine out of the way. Kiran starts moving, avoiding each rod thrown in his general direction while Euxine is focused on gaining distance to Prikki. Once the rod managed to land, they started twitching, about to return back to Prikki but Kiran, with his hands protected mainly by Euxine’s power, was able to grab a burning rod and used it to destroy the rest of the already thrown ones. Euxine ran moving slyly, each rod thrown at her was thrown like a javelin. Only leaving smoking singes that heals slowly. With each rod she dodged, making Prikki’s face contort into an annoyed frown. His makeup is partially erased, and by erased, it's in the means of being burned away.
“I had to move quickly before he killed himself.”
Euxine managed to get close enough, she had her claws ready. Prikki instinctively protected his side. She was only planning to feint but her hand managed to land on him directly. Her claws managed to penetrate but like Droll earlier, his body felt hollow…Upon snatching her hand out, she realized that her claws were cut—the tips that managed to penetrate evaporated. What was left in Prikki’s body was a smoldering flame. Euxine then grabbed Droll’s mutated face, surging water directly onto it…The shallow eyes of the ‘mask’ started to blink. Droll is still here somewhere, his eyes blinked accordingly. But then Prikki punched her away. He started uncontrollably contorting, screaming in pain. The clothes part of Droll started separating, with Prikki’s body preventing it from leaving. The smoldering flame started welding their bodies back together, hastily merging them back. Euxine looked back at Kiran…he nodded in response.
Euxine started rushing, the flaming rods started flying towards her, with Kiran swatting every rod away, allowing her to be able to get close. She surged a lot of water from her arm, preparing to extinguish the flame. Prikki is already unstable, the flame is already reaching dangerous levels to the point the safeguard is slowly evaporating. Getting any closer would leave her permanent burns…she pressed on.
She controlled her water output to not fully put out the flames, only to weaken it enough to let Droll take over. Her riptide was initially evaporating upon getting close to Prikki but with her persistence, she got closer and let out more water.
Eventually she reached and overpowered his flames. The mask of Droll managed to take hold and they were finally separated.
…
Each rod was exhausted, leaving it quite depleted with only smoke emanating at the ends. Small embers were left burning while the clowns’ body was left lying on the floor.
…
The smoke stifled, fluctuating and eventually settling into nothing. Upon the last embers
turning cold, Miss Rox chimed the bell vigorously with the crowd going wild.
“We had a winner!!” she blasted “The winner for the Cessian bid for the pair of Cheerbius Bangles are the couple: Kiran and Euxine!!!” She rang the bells more as the crowd was divided, some were actually rooting for the clowns, they were left disappointed because they lost the bet while those that were rooting for Kiran and Euxine were screaming in utter joy.
“Come up here dearies, claim your prize!”
The crowd cheered them as they walked towards the podium where the glass case is. Kiran helps Euxine, he caresses the part where she had burns.
“Are you okay?” he asked
“I…I’m okay! Now…how are we going to…” she nudged him to look at the glass case “We don’t have enough money anyway…” she softly said
“Well…”
Upon reaching Miss Rox, she started asking for the 400 reminischillings. The two of them looked distant, they just fought for it but…Their thoughts were interrupted by a collective surprised gasps and murmurs of the crowd. Droll jumped like an acrobat, performing cartwheels and flips towards them. He landed directly at the glass case, he led out a wand, swirling it directly at the case lock.
“Now, what’s the word…” he exaggeratedly scratched his forehead
“What do you think you’re doing???” Miss Rox was angry and ready to wrestle the hell out of this clown.
“Ah! Prik proc, babbididrolala, ticketteer, voila! Release this lock from the glass-lala”
“You can’t do that!” Miss Rox is now actively trying to remove the clown from the case, she pushed and punched but Droll just continued performing
“Ah, ah, Madame Meerllale! Official ticket selling are exclusively handled by us, Murmurs only!”
“I own these!” she screamed “Every stall is renting on my mercy!” “Surely! Those are fake anyways!”
“What??” Euxine asked
Droll threw many copies of his business card on the air, and patrons started picking them up and reading them. He handed Miss Rox personally a copy and started reading it to her.
“See here, Madame Meerllale” he runs his finger directly above the text ‘Ticketteer’s tickets — available at discretion.’
“So are you telling me you sold me fakes?” she screeched
“Not at all, Madame. You see, tickets could only be considered ‘authentic’ when it is purchased directly from us Murmurs. Once we discredited it to the buyer, they had to wear it immediately otherwise the authenticity expired.”
She’s visibly disgusted at the sight of the dynamic makeup on the clown’s face. She was totally duped.
“Now, might you allow me to finish my performance?”
“But it’s still mine! I paid good nichies for these!”
“But madame, these are fake??? Why bother selling them?” he made a pouty and somewhat mischievous face towards her
“No! If you want you can buy them back and well, make it ‘authentic’ and give it to these lovebirds!” she mockingly said, making Droll infuriated. He eyed Kiran and Euxine amongst the crowd…until he saw someone else. He mouthed something towards the guy, and that guy nodded. His otherwise angry face was replaced with a nasty grin, as if he won the mind games face to face with Madame Meerllale.
“Such a shame, Madame, this would’ve been easier if you just let us Murmurs sell these directly instead of putting it up for these silly auctions. HAHAHAHAHAHA” his laugh managed to aggravate Rox Lollie-Meerlalle, she led out her clipboard and pen with the intention of writing Droll’s name into the ‘blacklist’ The more she wrote, Droll’s limbs started being consumed by ink, with each part accessed by the shadows is gradually turning into powder.
“Well this isn’t fun!” he made the same pouting face, making Rox Lollie-Meerlalle stab his neck with the same pen. The ink seeped into his body, making the shadows consume him more. While Rox Lollie-Meerlalle was focused on dusting this menace of a clown, she didn’t realize that the ink also seeped through the glass case. When the ink is completely wrapping the clown and the glass case, it is now close to being pure dust, Droll then screamed, his voice coming from amongst the crowd.
“Now!”
Kiran punched the darkened glass case to which it disintegrated quickly, leaving the bangles in plain sight. Kiran snatched it and then proceeded to run, with Euxine following close behind. The body of Droll also became dust…or so Rox Lollie-Meerlalle thought. The only way for the blacklisting to work is when she wrote the real name of the person but the name ‘Murmur Droll’ is nothing but a stage name. The blacklist was only an act. The real Droll is running along with Kiran and Euxine. They immediately ran towards the guy Droll was communicating with, it was another clown, Prikki-boggle.
“What the–?” Euxine gasped in shock “I thought you said—” “Right, right…Pardon, Miss Euxine. That was a joke.” Droll started
“Hahaha got you pretty good, Miss Euxine!” Prikki-boggle followed “Our consciousness is not connected like that! Only our powers are linked, we could share them but we had consciousness of our own! Hahaha, look at me!” he led out the bangles Kiran was holding and transfigured them back into its ‘authentic’ state.
“Here, wear these!” Droll led out the other one
“How did you–” Kiran was caught by surprise because he was keeping a close watch of the bangle…it disappeared just like that in thin air and it was suddenly in Prikki-boggle’s hands.
“Hahahaha, just wear it!” he insisted
“How much do we owe you then??” Euxine asked
“I’m giving you two a discount! We enjoyed your performance so much it deserved a discount” Droll laughingly said
“Performance? We didn’t even know we’re performing.”
“Yeah, we’ve been pissed at Madame Meerllale for too long! You two gave us the opportunity to dupe her real bad hahahaha” Prikki-boggled giggled. He then looked back, hoping to see Rox Lollie-Meerlalle’s annoyed face…only to realize she’s chasing after them. The two clowns didn’t realize she was even chasing after them because she removed her high-heels, making her footsteps quite…undistinguishable from any other patrons.
“Run, run, run my dears! Run fast and far!” Prikki-boggle urged them, Droll was quite
puzzled and also looked back…pretty much he got what his pardner meant. “Okay, okay, we’ll make this quick! Uh…uh…i’ll offer you two a 66.6% discount!” “How much is a Cheerbius originally—”
“50 reminischillings my dears! For each of them!” Prikki-boggle chirped, clearly urging them
“Oh,...uh..” Kiran forgot the reel’s worth…and he can’t recall how to convert them…so he just handed his reel to Droll. While Euxine was counting and counting her reel until she got frustrated and just handed it to Prikki-boggle.
“These are too mu–” Droll noticed the amount is indeed too much but his thoughts were cut short when the same piercing pain from seeping ink prickled by his nape.
“Security!” Rox Lollie-Meerlalle screamed as the amount of footsteps trembled across the department store's floor.
With no time to count the actual amount, Droll and Prikki-boggled secured the bangles onto Kiran and Euxine’s wrists. They then contently chuckled, leaving a satisfied nod.
“Thank you for your patronage! Your whimsical adventure begins here on out!” Prikki-boggle happily said
“The Giggly Alley would be shortly expecting you!” Droll finished
“Wait, how do we even get–” Euxine said as she’s admiring the adorable looking bangle The exit from the mall is within their sights, it's a revolving door.
“Wait, this is not where we came from–” Kiran objects but the two clowns are now pushing their backs, urging them to run faster. Rox Lollie-Meerlalle is now gaining on them
“Yikes” Droll whispered to Prikki-boggle. The two clowns then pushed the two towards the door, they essentially stayed behind to stall Rox Lollie-Meerlalle.
“Wait, how do we get to the–” Kiran tries looking back and to stay but the momentum makes him unable to slow down. Not long, the two of them were thrown in one of the door wings. The door revolved for a while, making the two of them dizzy, the world around them turned blurry. By the time they managed to stumble outside the mall, from the outside perspective, it looked decrepit again. Like it's lifeless. They tried peering through the glass door…yep, this building is indeed abandoned. Before they could believe what happened there, they burst out laughing.
“Droll literally messed up! He messed up entertaining Rox Lollie-Meerlalle!
Hahahahaha” Euxine chuckled
“He’s quite good at failing to make her laugh!! Hahahaahah. Do you see the look of her face??!” Kiran laughed like he’s been holding it all these time.
For a while they were laughing at the dog showing Rox Lollie-Meerlalle had suffered in the shortest possible amount of time. They then recounted the tricks and other shenanigans they had with the friendly clowns.
…
Until they remembered they had to find Vesper. The glasses had been stagnant all this time. They almost completely forgot that they had it, the tint seemingly vanished and it felt like they’re not wearing it at all…Well, yes and no at the same time.
As it turns out, the glasses turned into contact lenses. A familiar sound is heard.
Clack
“I should’ve known you two might lose it!” A barking voice called from behind them. It was Vesper who appeared behind them. The clapperboard clacks and the scene Vesper previously wrote was now stamped ‘done’. Following the sound was a familiar pinching sensation in their ears.
“Ow, ow, ow!” Kiran squealed like a kid while Euxine was guilty and silent
“You thought you lost it, didn’t you?” Vesper asked
“...yes… the tint disappeared and we’re kind of roped in ……” Euxine softly explained.
Vesper releases their ears and leads out a sigh.
“Did you two get what we need?”
“Yes!” the two of them flared their matching bangles simultaneously. Vesper’s expression softened as he also showed his bangle on his wrist.
“Okay then, let’s go!”
“Did you ask the clowns how to go there?” Kiran followed up “Yes…Didn’t you?” Vesper asked
“Well…we didn’t manage to…” Vesper crossed his arms, quiet.
“Sorry, we’re in some kind of pickle.” Euxine muttered “A what now?”
The two of them just giggled. Vesper gave up and just smirked. “Come on, let’s go. We should be able to find a guide somewhere…” “Guide?” Kiran asked
“The way to the circus is not reachable by normal means…Remember that. Most of the paths laid out here in this dimension do not always rely on spatial…and visuals. For this ‘whimsy’ circus, we need…”
A faint tune was heard from a distance
“Sound! Come on.” Vesper walked towards the source “Apparently, for this circus, the guides are musicians, they’d play music for you to follow. And we’re not allowed to stray away, otherwise they’d get us.”
“Musicians?” a faint shadow was seen in the distance, a clown playing a harmonica was seen.
“There,” Vesper pointed out.
The clown stopped playing upon noticing the approaching triad.
“Name’s Chiminey!” he perked up “May I see some verification…”
Vesper showed his bangle, the two of them followed his lead. The clown carefully scanned the bangles visually then he brought out his harmonica and played a complete do-re-mi tune.
“Alright! Three Cheerbius Eonian! Dear guests, please follow me!”
Chiminey then started playing a steady tune, he started walking merrily. For a while the surroundings are just looping. Dingy metropolis, abandoned suburbs.
…
…
Black void
…
…
Slowly, the harmonica tunes are accompanied by another lively tune. The circus is upon them…but they still can’t see it, not even a silhouette or anything, no lights, no anything. Kiran was puzzled, he started doubting if they’re even on the right track. He nudged Vesper.
“Are you sure we’re following the right guide??”
“I told you two, some things just…work peculiarly. Each domain has complex inner workings we don’t have any way of knowing unless we…talked to the master themselves.”
Kiran and Euxine exchanged glances
“Hm…I reckon you two are quite inexperienced in both being a wanderer and master.” “Well, it’s true, we barely maintained our domains…” Kiran admitted
“And we wandered around for…Well, now.” Euxine followed
“When creating domains, you can impose rules, right?” Vesper started
The two of them nodded
“You can also make tweaks on how wanderers and roamers could find your domain, you can detail that to the very core. Your rules upon people arriving and staying in your domains are not the only thing you could intricately carve in your plaques. There are a lot more modifications you could do, every last detail, even time limits on every stay.”
“Ohhhh” they said in unison
“Do you guys know why we need the Cheerbius Version? The Cheerclave is quite cheaper but why this one?”
“Uhhh”
“Don’t say unlimited rides, Euxine” “Aww”
“Well, other than that, the Cheerclave had this time limit, we had only ‘one day’ of stay. And time works differently so we have to have all the time we need.”
“Whoa that’s amazing.”
“Can we like,...make another domain?” Euxine perked up “You could as long as you’re essentially complete.” “Complete? How?” she followed up
“Want to get out here?”
Kiran and Euxine were petrified in place. They want to…But don’t know how. “Well, yes!” They said in unison
Vesper clacked another clapperboard, the musician guide stopped to the point he’s like a statue. Everything stopped. Vesper’s eyes glowed, he started narrating.
“Completeness is an absolute must if you want to be able to escape.” he started, as he said the word ‘completeness’ several items glowed. Euxine’s crystalline that is settled in her chest, the shards Kiran had, Chiminey’s harmonica, and Vesper’s master film reel only glowed partially.
“Being a domain master asks for some kind of a catalyst, a catalyst that would sustain
the structure of the domain, the source of power.” he pointed at the glowing items “If you were to create another domain, those glowing items would be your catalyst, but they must be able to glow…at a certain level…but if you want to get out of here, you must have everything that represents your being. You must not leave any piece of yourself behind. Otherwise this dimension had a leverage and actual mean to keep you here.”
Kiran’s eyes went wide, he seemed to have realized something. “What is it dear?” Euxine asked
“So that’s why…” Kiran muttered. Vesper’s expression is empathetic…like he tried a similar escape attempt that failed. He gave Kiran a pat to the shoulder and just nodded.
“There are many, I mean many ways to get out of here…But each method demands a vital requirement: completeness. I know a lot of methods, some need several puzzling steps, some are quite straightforward… I tried them. But alas, I was missing something. I’m just denying I’m incomplete.”
“Something left in your domain?” Kiran asked
“Yes…My apprentice, Alaric Fèvre, was aspiring to be the director like I am. The films I’m offering are based on memories and creative aspects. Some people wanted to relive their memories but with modification and well…they often ask me to make it euphoric but I mask it enough to not make it…deadly addictive. You two are aware of the ‘the need to be awake’ kind of thing right?”
“Yes, for my domain, it’s a cafe so the sustenance is literally what keeps my patrons awake.”
“And for me it’s the ‘chill’ of water.”
“Yes, like that. Similarly, for me, it’s the films. Each patron could ‘rent’ the film I made for them into some kind of vhs tapes, some patrons are more extravagant, they want several other people to watch their film so they request a full film reel in a theatre room.”
Vesper revealed the master reel he had.
“I had some kind of reel too. Here.” The two of them watch it faintly glow, not as bright as their items “Alaric one day insisted on watching my master reel to get some kind of inspiration. I blindly trusted my apprentice, I was in the trance or the belief that he’ll take over perfectly…But it turns out, he doesn’t have any intention of getting out of here.
Though I taught him everything I know about ‘escaping’, he didn’t share the same sentiment. For domain masters to be able to sustain their domain, some kind of pay off or byproducts are developed, right?”
“Yes.” They nodded and agreed
“For me, the byproduct is the real memory that would be added to my master reel. And this reel…was the one sustaining my existence here now, considering I’ve been kicked out of my domain, I might have my literal lifespan right in my hands.”
“Wait, how did your master reel reduce…to this?” Euxine asked “Well, for me, this crystalline is the essence of my domain and was retrieved quite perfectly…How come yours is incomplete?”
Kiran went silent. Vesper just looked at Kiran…
“Dear, it’s about time I tell you…” Kiran started “The reason your crystalline was extracted and well, merged back to you perfectly is because of a wish…”
“A wish?”
“Remember the byproduct I had in the cafe? The paper is used to make paper cranes?”
“Aha, the thousand-crane wish!” Vesper applauded, amazed. “That requires a steady plan and you did it??”
“Yes. Thousand-crane wish, the crane would require one thousand paper cranes folded to perfection just so the wisher could summon it. After that, the crane would ask for something precious from the wisher. After that, any wish, and I mean any wish would come true.”
“My first wish then was for you to separate from the rotting husk of the Mistress, essentially separating your human self and the entity self. After I—broke the serpentine, your memories, your entire being was rotting, quickly becoming a husk. So I performed that wish and pretty much, you’re back in this dimension but without any memory and ability of the Mistress…”
“So, this crystalline was packed with the memories and power…but why am I not the serpentine anymore? And isn’t my domain still…standing?”
“The husk of the Mistress still exists, though it’s a husk, it still had the traces of power and that was barely enough to just keep the domain standing but the essence…its with you. The domain is just a place now…No more rules, no more anything but the structure.”
“A rogue domain, if you will.” Vesper suggested to which Kiran nodded.
“Then…it's true” Euxine touched her chest where the crystalline was glowing “But, what did you give up for this??”
“Memories, dear. I couldn’t remember the times we had while we’re both entities…Neither could Chandra. We couldn’t remember.”
Vesper was quite shocked. “Those are indeed important…and, well, he gave it up…” he thought as he gave Kiran a respectful nod.
“As for your shards…” Euxine glanced at the glowing part of his chest. “We have to find them…and get out of here.”
Everyone’s expression was dim, from their current perspective, saying ‘let’s get out of here’ is easier said than done.
“I’d give you two lessons…once we finished our business with the theatre. Fool proof plan to get out of here definitely.” Vesper sighed weakly “I have two master reels, the feed reel and the take-up reel… Alaric had the feed reel…We just have to get it and…” Vesper gave a weak embrace to the two of them “We’ll get out of here.”
They returned the hug, almost crying
“We’ll get your shards back, dear. We’ll get out of here.”
Vesper released them from the hug, looking at them with determination. He brought out the clapperboard, ready to resume the realm around them.
“Ready?” Vesper asked as he prepared another clackboard with the scene written “Reach Théâtre du Désir.”
“Once I clack this one,” pointing at the “Take 5” version, “time would resume. Chiminey would continue playing and…we’ll reach the circus. After being admitted, I’d clack this other one. By then you two could sleuth for a while, don’t worry, I could always track you because of the contact lenses.” he looked at Euxine “Yes, Euxine, you could ride a few rides but remember to adhere by the–”
She exclaimed and was beyond happy before Vesper could finish briefing them.
“Just follow the rules! Don’t consume anything, and well, do not have too much fun!” she recited excitedly and perfectly
“That’s right. Just protect your wife, man. She might get lost in the whimsy.” he looked at Kiran.
“I got her.” he chuckled. Vesper then clacked the board. Chiminey’s harmonica tune resumed. The accompaniment music coming from…forward…became louder. And louder. Soon enough, Chiminey stopped walking, he finished his tune and put the harmonica away. He just outstretched his arms, nudging the three of them to ‘go in’ which apparently go in a floating portal kind of void.
“Thank you for choosing to be whimsy in the Giggly Alley! Eternal happiness is just one frown away!”
Just like that, Chiminey went back the way they came. Silently. He didn’t even bother playing the harmonica again. He sheepishly walked back, not saying another word, not looking back. Right before they jumped in, Vesper revealed the other clackboard. With the scene written “Reach Théâtre du Désir.”
With a confirmation nod from the two of them, Vesper clacked it and they jumped in the floating portal.
