Tethered
Monday, May 25, 2026	7:34 PM


[SOURCE: Subconscious Dream Capture - Captured 2023-04-17] [STATUS: Narrative Fragment Conversion // In Progress]


The city is ravaged by many tattered individuals, till most of the population has gone fake. Five remaining ones however decided to find out what was going on and why and where the original ones had been taken. They were investigating and soon enough their sources were the operations were underground and so after battling in the streets, they descended via the sewerage system. At first they found it hard to find the actual room, their sources had said but needless to say, they found a dingy double metal door filled with electronic locks. What's bizarre though is there's no guard, after a few fights with scattered tattered people and the techy one hacking the security system, they made it in. Inside was a variety of weathered, old machinery. They were the types of computers that were outdated and looked like they were from the second world war. As they walked in farther, the tatters are rare and the only ones they found there is random that seems to have wandered in, they killed them and proceeded to tell the info of the place via dispatch radio. The heart of the place was a machine-y tower and a circular guarded railing, when they looked down below the railing, it was filled by rejects (bodies of neglected tattered) . They almost couldn't see it because it was so deep, it's dark to see the bottom. And above the railing there's a huge metal propeller that they don't know where it leads. After a few exploration they witnessed how a tattered is made. It started when the machine tower connected to the propeller started as the ignition of buttons and screen started. An unconscious body was dragged by chains and was put inside, the machine spills blood that had been discarded at the sides and what seems to be bones getting crushed on where they guessed was at the propeller and after a few minutes of horror, a tattered version of that person made it out where it came and made it's way at the platform by a conveyor belt path. It made its first step and it immediately fail, the group didn't do anything yet for they were shocked on this discovery, upon the rising of the tether, it made a weary fake look like a doll and it looked at the group one by one, almost breaking its neck in each turn and finally looking down before walking sluggishly towards one of them. Sure enough they killed it, but after doing so, a voice echoed through the dingy chamber. The group was startled and started looking for its source, a few moments later they realised it was coming from above, beyond the propeller. It stated that they shouldn't have come here and just submit into it. Chains went flying trying to grasp them down they tried and tried to fought it but was miserably lost. The last one standing got his hands chained and as he was resisting by the railing, his hand socket had popped and later on both of his hands were ripped off. Agonising screams echoed through the halls. While he was screaming the chains that bound his friends started moving to the source, beyond the propeller. He desperately stopped them by biting on to their clothes but to no avail, the bodies kept going higher and higher until they were in no reach. He watched in horror as the bodies got propelled and their blood splattering everywhere. He asked dispatch for rescue but mysteriously, they weren't responding, the time dispatch responded it wasn't on radio, instead from the hall where they entered it echoed. The last man standing was terrified and thought he was hallucinating and started going crazy but it was real, the guy on the radio then showed up, slowly walking toward the last guy and every footsteps it grew louder. Finally he revealed that he set them up there so they can unconsciously get tattered too. He calmly hold the head of the trembling guy and then smashed it on the ground repeatedly. He spoke in a low calm tone "You should've just succumbed into it, but now you're naught brought you pain" he then proceeded to carry him and put him into the room above the propeller to make him tattered. Sure enough, after gruesome hours of screaming, he partly became tattered, the mad scientist who was supposed to be their dispatch personally experimented on him by trying to make him half tattered and eureka

it worked. Parts of his body are fake but his mind is still his. But the catch is that his fake body parts that were connected into his real flesh felt like it's eating the part it's connected at. It was a constant agony he can't do anything about. The scientist is nowhere to be found, he's just been released from an old machine pod. He tried to recall the recent events on how he got there, he's sane enough to remember, however he didn't know how long it had been nor where his friends were taken and where he wound up. He looked at himself, to what he had become. He just sat there while looking at his arm in shock, he remembered that his hands got lopped off, but now a part of his arms up to his hands got tattered.


