The Marauders
Monday, May 25, 2026	9:02 PM


Still a Draft Idea

Main Story plot:
They remained isolated from the surface world for so long until one day, a sudden, widespread environmental anomaly occurred, leading their scientist to suspect an intruder. To prevent mass panic, they kept the information classified. That is, until they discovered the intruder was actually another scientist from the surface planting a tracking device. Next thing they knew, the whole surface world was invading them for materials and stuff.

The start of the underground civilization started when the world opted to use nuclear power to wage war and as a precaution from one of the powerful countries, they decided to transfer their civilization underground deep enough to avoid the catastrophic effects. Their slow and eventual movement left many of their surface infrastructures vacant, and looks like a ghost town. The other surface civilization was caught off guard when they found their literal ghost country. The scientist would be worried and curious about where they could've gone into.

"A country does not disappear overnight."

Their enemies, however, would have wild conspiracies about what happened and some factors blamed it on the global enemy as to shift the blame and grasp power to unite and stand up to fight against them. This worked for a while until the nuclear war waged as expected. This war distracted every country and the interest about this lost civilization waned over time.

The lead explorer, the main character, is a former archeologist and historian before the war went into a nuclear war. When this civilization disappeared right in the middle of a war, he was beyond curious. He gathered a small team to continue researching despite the global circumstances. In the eyes of other fields, they're just a bunch of conspiracy theorists that banded together to avoid participating in the war. But some opposing sides caught wind of this and decided to explore the idea "just a little. Just to confirm and shut the idea down completely," but as they did research on their own, they might've been onto something and decided to race the other side to this mysterious underground country.


The Marauder would be the one from the opposing side, literally raiding the place once his team confirmed the existence and potential of this underground country.
    • The underground scientist would not know which person meant well in terms of finding their country, they would opt to 'dispose' all threats. That meant the Marauder and the lead explorer team.
    • The title is called The Marauder because the story revolves around the underground scientist and apprehending so many unknown threats, they couldn't possibly know who is an ally or foe. To them, every anomaly that is caused by whoever is actively searching for their place is The Marauder. Even if, from the point of view of those above, they're merely explorers.
Note:
The book about the POV of the underground country scientists' is called "The Marauder"

The story told from the people from the surface would be divided into two
    1. "Whispers of the Ghost Town" from the lead explorer POV. Make the tone of this story as some kind of journal entry from the explorer team (recorded by the leader and would often take accounts from the rest of the team)

    2. "Conspiracy until proven" from The invader POV. Make the tone of this POV as someone reporting to their superiors via radio or written reports. The ending would make the vibe quite rabid as the invader is doomed in this mission. His objective might've been fulfilled but he won't make it out alive.
